<style>
.button  {
  border: none;
  color: black;
  width: 100%;
  padding: 12px 28px;
  background-color: white;
  border: 2px solid #008CBA;
  transition-duration: 0.4s;
}
.button:hover  {
  background-color: #008CBA;
  color: white; 
  border: 2px solid #008CBA;
}
.resetbutton  {
  border: none;
  color: black;
  float: right;
  padding: 12px 28px;
  background-color: white;
  border: 2px solid #f44336;
  transition-duration: 0.4s;
}
.resetbutton:hover  {
  background-color: #f44336;
  color: white; 
  border: 2px solid #f44336;
}
</style>

## Give advice on how to ingest and serve the data

Thank you for helping us decide on how to best extract, load, and transform the data we need to train a model. 

At Proseware, we are developing an app which will help health care practitioners to faster diagnose diseases in patients. A doctor or nurse will be able to enter the patient's medical data in the app. The app will quickly analyze the data and should then tell the user whether the patient should get further examined for diabetes.

We already have collected data which is correlated with a patient having diabetes such as the number of pregnancies, the age, and BMI.

### Get more information
Need to know more before you can give advice? Select a question below to find out more about the use case. **Remember you can only ask one question, so choose wisely!**


<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">Where is the data currently stored?</font></summary>
The original data is coming from our patient database. Since we work with privacy-sensitive data, the patient database is secured and protected so we're not allowed direct access to it. One of our data engineers has already extracted a small subset of the data for us which he has emailed to us.  
</details>

<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">Can I get a preview of the data?</font></summary>
Sure! The training data is currently stored as a CSV file. If we open the file the first few rows of data like this:
<code>
PatientID,Pregnancies,PlasmaGlucose,DiastolicBloodPressure,TricepsThickness,SerumInsulin,BMI,DiabetesPedigree,Age,Diabetic
1354778,0,171,80,34,23,43.50972593,1.213191354,21,0
1147438,8,92,93,47,36,21.24057571,0.158364981,23,0
1640031,7,115,47,52,35,41.51152348,0.079018568,23,0
1883350,9,103,78,25,304,29.58219193,1.282869847,43,1
</code>
</details>

<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">How much data do you have?</font></summary>
We'll initially test the idea with a small anonymized dataset of 10000 rows. The medical data we work with is privacy-sensitive so initial development should happen on the small dataset instead of the actual production dataset which the data scientists should not get access to.
</details>

Once you're ready to give advice, select the most optimal answer to the question below.

## What type of data do we currently have?

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='02A';">Structured</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='02B';">Semi-structured</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='02B';">Unstructured</button>



<p style="text-align:right;"><i>All progress will be lost when you reset the game.</i></p>

<button class="resetbutton" onclick="window.location.href='../../01-start-data';">Reset game and go back to start</button>

<script>
    //Get all details elements
    const questions = document.querySelectorAll('details');

    //add event listener
    questions.forEach(det => {
        det.addEventListener('toggle', toggleOpenOneOnly)
    })

// toggle state of details elements
    function toggleOpenOneOnly(e) {
        questions.forEach(det => {
            if (det != this) {
                let splitText = det.innerHTML.split("</summary>");
                det.innerHTML = splitText[0] + "</summary>\nYou already asked one question.\n";
            }
            
            det.removeEventListener('toggle', toggleOpenOneOnly)
        });
    }
</script>
