<style>
.button  {
  border: none;
  color: black;
  width: 100%;
  padding: 12px 28px;
  background-color: white;
  border: 2px solid #008CBA;
  transition-duration: 0.4s;
}
.button:hover  {
  background-color: #008CBA;
  color: white; 
  border: 2px solid #008CBA;
}
.resetbutton  {
  border: none;
  color: black;
  float: right;
  padding: 12px 28px;
  background-color: white;
  border: 2px solid #f44336;
  transition-duration: 0.4s;
}
.resetbutton:hover  {
  background-color: #f44336;
  color: white; 
  border: 2px solid #f44336;
}
</style>

## Hmm...

As the data is stored as a CSV file and all rows have fixed columns, it's structured (or tabular) data.

It's very important for us that the model is as accurate as possible. We want the model to be trained on our own data. 

Because of regulations in health care, we also need full control over how the model is trained. We're allowed to use algorithms from libraries such as scikit-learn but all our work must be defined in code. We prefer not using a UI but want to train models with scripts.

### Get more information
Need to know more before you can give advice? Select a question below to find out more about the use case. **Remember you can only ask one question, so choose wisely!**


<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">Do you want to save time on model development?</font></summary>
It may sound counterintuitive, but no... Time is not important, accuracy is. We know we need to create our own custom model. We want everything that is done to train the model to be documented. If someone requests to understand how the model is trained, we need to be able to answer to that.
</details>
<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">Which programming language do the data scientists use?</font></summary>
The data scientists only work in Python. They work in Jupyter notebooks.
</details>

<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">How much data do you have?</font></summary>
We'll initially test the idea with a small anonymized dataset of 10000 rows. The medical data we work with is privacy-sensitive so initial development should happen on the small dataset instead of the actual production dataset which the data scientists should not get access to.
</details>

Once you're ready to give advice, select the most optimal answer to the question below.

## How should we train the model to predict diabetes?

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='03B';">Use Azure Cognitive Services</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='03A';">Train a model using scikit-learn</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='03B';">Use Automated Machine Learning</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='03B';">Use the Azure Machine Learning designer</button>

<p style="text-align:right;"><i>All progress will be lost when you reset the game.</i></p>

<button class="resetbutton" onclick="window.location.href='../../01-start-data';">Reset game and go back to start</button>

<script>
    //Get all details elements
    const questions = document.querySelectorAll('details');

    //add event listener
    questions.forEach(det => {
        det.addEventListener('toggle', toggleOpenOneOnly)
    })

// toggle state of details elements
    function toggleOpenOneOnly(e) {
        questions.forEach(det => {
            if (det != this) {
                let splitText = det.innerHTML.split("</summary>");
                det.innerHTML = splitText[0] + "</summary>\nYou already asked one question.\n";
            }
            
            det.removeEventListener('toggle', toggleOpenOneOnly)
        });
    }
</script>
