<style>
.button  {
  border: none;
  color: black;
  width: 100%;
  padding: 12px 28px;
  background-color: white;
  border: 2px solid #008CBA;
  transition-duration: 0.4s;
}
.button:hover  {
  background-color: #008CBA;
  color: white; 
  border: 2px solid #008CBA;
}
.resetbutton  {
  border: none;
  color: black;
  float: right;
  padding: 12px 28px;
  background-color: white;
  border: 2px solid #f44336;
  transition-duration: 0.4s;
}
.resetbutton:hover  {
  background-color: #f44336;
  color: white; 
  border: 2px solid #f44336;
}
</style>

## Hmm...

That doesn't seem like the best option for now. Instead, Azure Synapse Analytics does sound like a better fit for us at the moment. It'll allow us to set up a secure connection to the patient database and create automated pipelines to move the data from the database to the Azure Data Lake. 

Though we have a small anonymized dataset available now, created by one of our data engineers, we'd like the model to be trained and tested on a larger set of the data before we move the model to production. Hopefully, the model will be more accurate when we train it on a larger dataset.

### Get more information
Need to know more before you can give advice? Select a question below to find out more about the use case. **Remember you can only ask one question, so choose wisely!**


<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">Who will be responsible of configuring the transformations of the data?</font></summary>
Anonymizing data seems like a simple task. Ideally, this task would be performed by the data engineer. However, we would like data scientists to be able to do this even when a data engineer is not available, possibly through an easy-to-use interface?
</details>

<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">Did one of the data scientists already train the model?</font></summary>
No. The data scientists may have been exploring the anonymized dataset we provided to them but the model hasn't been trained yet. You'll need to start from scratch with development. Only when we have a model that performs up to our standards will we train it on production data in a separate development environment.
</details>

<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">Where should the transformed data be stored?</font></summary>
Didn't we agree on an Azure Data Lake? 
</details>

Once you're ready to give advice, select the most optimal answer to the question below.

## Which tool should we use to load a large subset of the patient data and anonymize it?

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='05B';">Azure Cognitive Services</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='05B';">Azure Machine Learning</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='05B';">Azure Databricks</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='05A';">Azure Synapse Analytics</button>

<p style="text-align:right;"><i>All progress will be lost when you reset the game.</i></p>

<button class="resetbutton" onclick="window.location.href='../start-01-data';">Reset game and go back to start</button>

<script>
    //Get all details elements
    const questions = document.querySelectorAll('details');

    //add event listener
    questions.forEach(det => {
        det.addEventListener('toggle', toggleOpenOneOnly)
    })

// toggle state of details elements
    function toggleOpenOneOnly(e) {
        questions.forEach(det => {
            if (det != this) {
                let splitText = det.innerHTML.split("</summary>");
                det.innerHTML = splitText[0] + "</summary>\nYou already asked one question.\n";
            }
            
            det.removeEventListener('toggle', toggleOpenOneOnly)
        });
    }
</script>
