<style>
.button  {
  border: none;
  color: black;
  width: 100%;
  padding: 12px 28px;
  background-color: white;
  border: 2px solid #008CBA;
  transition-duration: 0.4s;
}
.button:hover  {
  background-color: #008CBA;
  color: white; 
  border: 2px solid #008CBA;
}
.resetbutton  {
  border: none;
  color: black;
  float: right;
  padding: 12px 28px;
  background-color: white;
  border: 2px solid #f44336;
  transition-duration: 0.4s;
}
.resetbutton:hover  {
  background-color: #f44336;
  color: white; 
  border: 2px solid #f44336;
}
</style>

## Give advice on how to detect diabetes

Thank you for helping us decide on how to best train a model which can detect diabetes. 

At Proseware, we are developing an app which will help health care practitioners to faster diagnose diseases in patients. A doctor or nurse will be able to enter the patient's medical data in the app. The app will quickly analyze the data and should then tell the user whether the patient should get further examined for diabetes.

We already have collected data which is correlated with a patient having diabetes such as the number of pregnancies, the age, and BMI.

### Get more information
Need to know more before you can give advice? Select a question below to find out more about the use case. **Remember you can only ask one question, so choose wisely!**


<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">Which response do you want the model to give?</font></summary>
To avoid confusion for the users, we want the model to give a binary response: either the patient is likely to have diabetes or not. If a patient is predicted to have diabetes, more tests will be done to confirm the prediction. 
</details>
<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">Which programming language do the data scientists use?</font></summary>
The data scientists only work in Python. They work in Jupyter notebooks.
</details>

<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">How much data do you have?</font></summary>
We'll initially test the idea with a small anonymized dataset of 10000 rows. The medical data we work with is privacy-sensitive so initial development should happen on the small dataset instead of the actual production dataset which the data scientists should not get access to.
</details>

Once you're ready to give advice, select the most optimal answer to the question below.

## What type of machine learning task is needed to predict diabetes?

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='02A';">Classification</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='02B';">Regression</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='02B';">Computer vision</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='02B';">Forecasting</button>

<p style="text-align:right;"><i>All progress will be lost when you reset the game.</i></p>

<button class="resetbutton" onclick="window.location.href='../../00-start-training';">Reset game and go back to start</button>

<script>
    //Get all details elements
    const questions = document.querySelectorAll('details');

    //add event listener
    questions.forEach(det => {
        det.addEventListener('toggle', toggleOpenOneOnly)
    })

// toggle state of details elements
    function toggleOpenOneOnly(e) {
        questions.forEach(det => {
            if (det != this) {
                let splitText = det.innerHTML.split("</summary>");
                det.innerHTML = splitText[0] + "</summary>\nYou already asked one question.\n";
            }
            
            det.removeEventListener('toggle', toggleOpenOneOnly)
        });
    }
</script>
