<style>
.button  {
  border: none;
  color: black;
  width: 100%;
  padding: 12px 28px;
  background-color: white;
  border: 2px solid #008CBA;
  transition-duration: 0.4s;
}
.button:hover  {
  background-color: #008CBA;
  color: white; 
  border: 2px solid #008CBA;
}
.resetbutton  {
  border: none;
  color: black;
  float: right;
  padding: 12px 28px;
  background-color: white;
  border: 2px solid #f44336;
  transition-duration: 0.4s;
}
.resetbutton:hover  {
  background-color: #f44336;
  color: white; 
  border: 2px solid #f44336;
}
</style>

## Hmm...

We really think it's better if we create our own custom model using scikit-learn. It will take some extra effort and time from our data scientists, but hopefully it turns out to be worth it.

Since developing this model may take some effort, we want to ensure our data scientists can collaborate easily. Not only that, we also want this project to be an example for other projects. Perhaps there are parts of the work that can be reused for other models.  

### Get more information
Need to know more before you can give advice? Select a question below to find out more about the use case. **Remember you can only ask one question, so choose wisely!**


<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">Do the data scientists already work with source control for their machine learning projects?</font></summary>
All we know is that the data scientists are working in Jupyter notebooks. To be honest, we don't really know what that means...
</details>
<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">Which programming language do the data scientists use?</font></summary>
The data scientists only work in Python. They work in Jupyter notebooks.
</details>

<br>
<details>
<summary><font size="+1">Do you use any other cloud services for data-related projects?</font></summary>
We work with Azure for some other data-related projects. Currently, we mostly focus on getting insights from operational data. We ingest and transform data with Azure Synapse Analytics. The transformed data is stored in an Azure SQL Database which serves a Power BI report. 
</details>

Once you're ready to give advice, select the most optimal answer to the question below.

## Which tool would you recommend we use to train the model?

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='04B';">Azure Databricks</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='04A';">Azure Machine Learning</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='04B';">Azure Synapse Analytics</button>

<button class="button" onclick="window.location.href='04B';">Azure Data Science Virtual Machine</button>

<p style="text-align:right;"><i>All progress will be lost when you reset the game.</i></p>

<button class="resetbutton" onclick="window.location.href='../start-training';">Reset game and go back to start</button>

<script>
    //Get all details elements
    const questions = document.querySelectorAll('details');

    //add event listener
    questions.forEach(det => {
        det.addEventListener('toggle', toggleOpenOneOnly)
    })

// toggle state of details elements
    function toggleOpenOneOnly(e) {
        questions.forEach(det => {
            if (det != this) {
                let splitText = det.innerHTML.split("</summary>");
                det.innerHTML = splitText[0] + "</summary>\nYou already asked one question.\n";
            }
            
            det.removeEventListener('toggle', toggleOpenOneOnly)
        });
    }
</script>
